docs(openshift): remove mirrored openshift image from Longhorn (#997)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.8.0/advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/okd-support.md

Please refer to this section [Install with Helm](../../../deploy/install/install-with-helm/) first.

> And then install Longhorn with
> - setting `openshift.enabled` to `true`
> - setting `image.openshift.oauthProxy.repository` to the upstream image (e.g., `quay.io/openshift/origin-oauth-proxy`)
> - setting `image.openshift.oauthProxy.tag` to version 4.1 or later (for example, `4.15`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Longhorn with the following settings:

| Setting | Value | Example | 
| --- | --- | --- |
| `openshift.enabled` | `true` | N/A |
| `image.openshift.oauthProxy.repository` | Upstream image | `quay.io/openshift/origin-oauth-proxy` |
| `image.openshift.oauthProxy.tag` | Version 4.1 or later | `4.15` |
```

```bash
  helm install longhorn longhorn/longhorn \
    --namespace longhorn-system \
    --create-namespace \
    --set openshift.enabled=true \
    --set image.openshift.oauthProxy.repository=quay.io/openshift/origin-oauth-proxy \
    --set image.openshift.oauthProxy.tag=4.15
```

### Install With `oc` Command

> You can install Longhorn on [OKD](https://www.okd.io/) clusters as the following steps:
> 
> - Download the longhorn-okd.yaml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform the following steps to install Longhorn on [OKD](https://www.okd.io/) clusters.

1. Download the `longhorn-okd.yaml` file.
```

  ```
  wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/longhorn/longhorn/v{{< current-version >}}/deploy/longhorn-okd.yaml
  ```

> - Update the `oauth-proxy` container image in the `longhorn-okd.yaml` file by replacing the empty image value with the desired one, for example: `quay.io/openshift/origin-oauth-proxy:4.15`.
> - Apply the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Specify the target `oauth-proxy` container image in the `longhorn-okd.yaml` file (for example, `quay.io/openshift/origin-oauth-proxy:4.15`).

1. Run the following command:
```
